Add info about App::path() changes. (#6188)
cakephp/docs: en/core-libraries/app.rst

Finding Classes
===============

.. php:staticmethod:: className($name, $type = '', $suffix = '')

> This method is used to resolve classNames throughout CakePHP. It resolves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is used to resolve class names throughout CakePHP. It resolves
```

> the short form names CakePHP uses and returns the fully resolved className::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the short form names CakePHP uses and returns the fully resolved class name::
```

>     // Resolve a short className with the namespace + suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Resolve a short class name with the namespace + suffix.
```
